Update stepped process documentation (#1908)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/components/stepped-process.md

Add `.active` to a `.stepped-process-item` to indicate the current step, alongside `aria-current="step"` to convey the active state to assistive technologies.

{{< callout info >}}

> **Using more than 5 items in a row ?** You can easily customize this by changing `$stepped-process-max-items` variable before importing `mixins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Using more than 5 items in a row?** You can easily customize this by changing `$stepped-process-max-items` Sass variable.
```

Suggesting to remove exactly how because it will be difficult to maintain if the architecture changes. Moreover, it's not really before `mixins`, it's after `scss/functions` and before `scss/variables`.

> **Number of steps required** Stepped process requires the total number of steps for CSS calculation. We do this with the `$stepped-process-max-items` variable. You can easily customize this variable in your projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Using more than 5 items ?** You can easily customize this by changing `$stepped-process-max-items` variable before importing `mixins`.
```

Author: Ok for your version, it sounds less 'strict'.
